1) Make a form to collect ten number and calculate their sum.

2) Make a form to collect principal, rate and year and calculate the simple interest.

3) Make a form to collect two number and find out which one is largest.

4) Make a form to collect two number and check out first number is divisible by second one or not.

5) Make a form to collect X and Y co-ordinate and find out our point lies in which quadrant.
There are special case like origin, X is zero or Y is zero.

6) Input three number and find out the largest one. There are some catch to test it.

Sample Values:- 
    n1  n2  n3  Output
    5   5   5   All three number are equal
    5   5   2   First and Second number are largest 
    2   5   5   Second and Third number are largest 
    5   2   5   First and Third number are largest
    5   6   7   Third number is largest 
    7   6   5   First number is largest 
    5   7   6   Second number is largest

7) Input ten number and find out the largest one and display it.

8) Input five subject marks, calculate their total and find out its aggregate and percentage. And according to percentage give them grade and Also accept person name.
There must be an extra condition subject marks must be between 0 to 150.

9) Input any year and check it is leap or not.

10) Input any day number and display its equivalent day name. 
I assume 1 represent Monday and so on. If user enter different number other than 1 to 7 then display Invalid Day Number.

11) Input any amount and your program tell us how many notes will be accomodate for this amount.

Assignment:-  Input any number and display it in words.
Let us assume number is 999999999
Then message will be
Ninety Nine Crore Ninety Nine Lakh Ninety Nine Thousand Nine Hundred Ninety Nine.

Hint:- 1 is One. 
    if( num == 1 )
    {
        message = "One";
    }
    ...
    Zero to Nineteen wording are unique.
    Twenty to Ninety wording are unique.
    Thousand, Lakh and Crore are unique.

    There is corner case. If number is Zero and Negative.


